rather than do an interview with me
which would be fascinating by the way I
thought that possibly I take you on a
you know kind of a cultural tour of LA I
always painted the blouse sort of
translucent you can just make out her
breasts underneath but you know when I
see a painting like this I must admit I
get a little emotionally erect moon
Appetit
see I'm done already and I don't
remember eating what's his girlfriend's
name Sheila Sheila Sheila she's the one
who's always kissing everyone although I
hate that I'm not kissing anyone hello
anymore
how was I in the meeting you were good
any advice
sure skipping skipping is the perfect
compromise between running and walking
it looks too desperate if you run to a
meeting
what she's seeing someone else
yes yes she's going away with no way
with me I can't go today I would just be
using you to get even with her for going
away with someone else I mean let's go
right Wow Steve Martin did you know that
the same technology used to clean up the
Alaskan oil spill can also suck fat from
your thighs and chin LA story have a
decaf office a double decaf cappuccino
giving to caffeine a coffee ice cream
all of a half-double decaffeinated half
cap with a twist of lemon
Oh gala boys to love it
I'll have a discipline all over Twitter